Migrate Cloudcraft documentation from Help Scout to Datadog (#21358)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft.md

- **Name:** Cloudcraft
- **Supported account types:** Accounts in this organizational directory only (Single tenant)

Leave the **Redirect URI** field empty, click the **Register** button at the bottom, and if everything worked as expected, you should be redirected to the details page for your application.

In the **Essentials** section of this page, look for the **Application ID** and **Directory ID**, copy them, and head back to Cloudcraft.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/essential-azure-ids.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft application details in Microsoft Azure portal." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

Once back in Cloudcraft, paste the IDs you copied in the last step and click the blue **Next** button to continue.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/essential-ids-cloudcraft.png" alt="Step-by-step instructions for adding an Azure account to Cloudcraft with highlighted Application and Directory ID fields." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

#### Create a client secret

> Now we need to create a client secret, which allow the Cloudcraft application to identify itself to Azure's authentication services securely. To do that, head back to your application page on Azure, and click the **Certificates & secrets** link in the left sidebar, under the **Manage** section.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/certificates-secrets-menu.png" alt="Screenshot showing the 'Certificates & secrets' section highlighted in Azure Active Directory management menu." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> On the **Certificates & secrets** section, click the **New client secret** button at the bottom, under the **Client secrets** section. A small window will pop on your screen where you can configure the name of the secret and when it should expire.
> 
> Fill the fields with the following:
> 
> - **Description:** Cloudcraft
> - **Expires:** 730 days (24 months)
> 
> Click the blue **Add** button to add the client secret.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/add-client-secret.png" alt="Screenshot of Azure's 'Add a client secret' dialog with fields for description and expiration set to 730 days." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> Now look for the **Value** of your newly created secret, copy it, and head back to Cloudcraft.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/client-secret-value.png" alt="Screenshot showing a generated new client secret value for Cloudcraft in the Azure portal with an expiration date of 12/31/2299." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> Back in Cloudcraft, paste the client secret in the **Client secret** field and click the blue **Next** button.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/client-secret-cloudcraft.png" alt="Step-by-step guide for creating an Azure client secret for Cloudcraft application with highlighted instructions and textbox." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a client secret to allow the Cloudcraft application to securely identify itself to Azure's authentication services. 

**Note**: You can choose your own expiration period for the client secret. Be aware that when the secret expires, you won’t be able to scan your Azure account until you register a new secret and update the account in Cloudcraft.

1. On your application page in Azure, under the **Manage** section in the left sidebar, click **Certificates & secrets**.
2. In the **Certificates & secrets** section, **New client secret**.
3. Enter the following information:
    - **Description**: Cloudcraft
    - **Expires**: 730 days (24 months)
4. Click **Add**.
5. Copy the **Value** of your newly created secret.
6. In Cloudcraft, paste the client secret in the **Client secret** field and click **Next**.
```

#### Create an IAM user for Cloudcraft

> Almost there! Now we need to create an IAM user to allow the Cloudcraft application to read your Azure environment.
> 
> Click the blue **Open your Azure Subscriptions page** link, and once in your **Subscriptions** page, click on the subscription you want to use with Cloudcraft.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/azure-subscription-page.png" alt="Screenshot of an Azure cloud services interface showing a subscription labeled Cloudcraft Development with subscription management options." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> When the new page opens, select **Access control (IAM)** in the left sidebar.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/application-overview-iam.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft Development subscription in Azure highlighting the Access control (IAM) option." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> Now, click the blue **Add** button and select **Add role assignment**.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/add-role-assignment-button.png" alt="Screenshot showing the Azure portal Access Control (IAM) menu with the Add role assignment option highlighted." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> A new page with a list of roles will appear. Select **Reader** and click **Next**.
> 
> On the next page, leave **User, group or service principal** selected and click **Select members**. Search for **Cloudcraft** and select it.
> 
> Click **Review + assign** when you are done and head back to Cloudcraft. Click the blue **Next** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, create an IAM user to allow the Cloudcraft application to read your Azure environment.

1. In Cloudcraft, click **Open your Azure Subscriptions page** link to open the **Subscriptions** page in Azure.
2. Select the subscription you want to use with Cloudcraft.
3. On subscription page, select **Access control (IAM)** in the left sidebar.
4. Click **Add** and select **Add role assignment**.  A new page with a list of roles appears.
5. Select **Reader** and click **Next**.
6. On the next page, leave **User, group or service principal** selected and click **Select members**. Search for **Cloudcraft** and select it.
7. Click **Review + assign**.
8. In Cloudcraft, click **Next**.
```

#### Add subscriptions

> Before saving this account, you can optionally configure team access. Click on the blue button beneath **Team access** and select the teams to share access to the Azure account with.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/share-azure-account.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft interface showing team sharing options with a dropdown menu for selecting teams to share Azure account access." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> The account will be private and only accessible to you if you skip that step.
> 
> Now click the blue **Save Account** link at the bottom of the screen and that is it, your Azure account has been added to Cloudcraft and is ready to be used within the application.
> 
> {{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/azure-account-added.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft interface for managing Azure accounts with an account added." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
> 
> If you have any questions or trouble with the process, [get in touch with our support team][3] and we will be happy to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before saving the account, you can optionally configure team access. 

1. Click **Team access** and select the teams to share access to the Azure account with. The account will be private and only accessible to you if you skip that step.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/share-azure-account.png" alt="Cloudcraft interface showing team sharing options with a dropdown menu for selecting teams to share Azure account access." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

2. Click **Save Account**.

Your Azure account is now ready to use with Cloudcraft.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/azure-account-added.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft interface for managing Azure accounts with an account added." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}
```

Click the gray pencil icon to the left of the account you want to edit.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/edit-azure-account.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft interface for managing Azure cloud accounts highlighting the 'Edit account' icon." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

In this screen you can change account details like name, client secret, team access, and more.

When you are done, click the blue **Save Account** link at the bottom of the screen.

## Remove account

Click the gray trash can icon to the right of the account you want to remove.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/remove-azure-account.png" alt="Screenshot of Cloudcraft interface for managing Azure cloud accounts highlighting the 'Delete account' icon." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

Now click the red **Remove** button.

{{< img src="cloudcraft/getting-started/connect-azure-account-with-cloudcraft/confirm-account-removal.png" alt="Warning message for removing an Azure cloud account with the name Cloudcraft Development highlighted in the confirmation dialog." responsive="true" style="width:100%;">}}

> ## Common questions
> 
> **Is there is a limit of Azure accounts you can add?**
> 
> No, you can connect an unlimited number of Azure accounts to Cloudcraft.
> 
> **Can I choose another expiration period for the client secret?**
> 
> Yes, you can any value you or your organization prefers. Just keep in mind that when the secret expires, you won't be able to scan your Azure account anymore until you register a new secret and update the account in Cloudcraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
